Pathfinder

Hey,

In order to tailor the course for you so you can have the best learning experience, please pick the statement that best describes you:

1. Zero Experience: I am a complete beginner in programming.

2. Some Experience: I have less than 6 months of experience with Swift and iOS development and want to level up.

3. Experienced Programmer New to iOS: I am an experienced programmer but new to Swift and iOS.

4. Experienced iOS Developer: I am an experienced iOS developer but want to learn the new APIs.

5. Experienced Objective-C Developer: I want to switch to Swift and want a quick way of doing that.



Find the recommended path for you:



1. Zero Experience

For complete beginners, I recommend starting from the very beginning and make sure you don't skip any of the lessons or modules. The tutorials and challenges build on each other, so taking the course is a bit like hiking a mountain. I know some of the later apps are really cool and there's a temptation to jump straight to it, but without the proper foundations, it's easy to get lost and demotivated.

Make sure that you are completely comfortable with the concepts in each module of the curriculum before moving on. Usually, for beginners, I recommend spending a week on each module.

Start in Section 2

2. Some Experience

Alright, you already have some experience, so let's try to keep it fresh and not waste time repeating stuff you already know. I recommend starting at the intermediate level tutorials and making sure you complete all the challenges. If you find the challenges too hard, then it might be worth going back to some of the earlier tutorials and reviewing the concepts.

Start in Section 7

3. Experienced Programmer New to iOS

Ok, the programming concepts should be easy for you. Especially if you already have an OOP background, I recommend skipping the Swift Programming Deep Dive lessons and dip into them only if needed. However, Xcode has lots of small buttons so the early tutorials are really useful for getting used to the user interface and the workflow of working with Xcode, so don't skip those!

Start in Section 2

4. Experienced iOS Developer

Alright, you're probably here for the latest and greatest Apple APIs. In the course, there are full modules on ARKit, CoreML and CreateML, the bleeding edge of iOS development. Of course, feel free to browse all the module titles and dip into the ones you're interested in! (The Core Data/Realm module is a popular one that interests a lot of experienced iOS devs).

Start in Section 13

5. Experienced Objective-C Developer

Ok, you know Cocoa, you know UIKit, but you want a quick way of converting your Objective-C brain to Swift. Got it! I recommend starting with the Swift Programming modules and completing all the course challenges in Swift. If the challenges stump you then it's time to rewind a module and look at the tutorials!

Start in Section 4



NOTE: These are just my suggestions! You are a free agent and you know your own needs better than me. Feel free to download the course syllabus and learn at your own pace!



All the best,

Your instructor, Angela